I love being a chef I love food it's
something that's never gonna change
whether it be come up with a new dish
and meeting new people and how to
training new chefs if they're gonna be
working 12 14 hours a day what you want
it to be basically a second home or fill
up told them at home and that's what we
do feel here and so it's important even
when we hire people that they understand
that and that they're gonna fit into the
family have them similar sense of humors
and similar values and we do feel at
home
we don't mind coming here I never dread
it that's for sure
the on Top Chef was fantastic and for me
I looked at it as a way to show Canada
and show my country what I've learned
throughout my whole career and get to
really use all the food from all the
different regions and all across Canada
and be you know be as clean as you can
and kind of show the rest of the world
that we have some very high levels of
chefs and products it's always great to
collaborate with with people and with
companies that share the same things and
you know co-op is one of those places
and one of those companies that
shilling and I was just had that feeling
for me for me at least and then the
values are very parallel and you know
whenever I sit and talk with people in
coop or any of the people that work in
the company and it's always the same
that's about local it's about you know
sustainable it's about your community
it's about being part of the community
and and that's true all across Western
Canada it's not just you know one
massive store here well not some store
there it's in the ruiers it's about the
small towns it's about the people and
it's about the products right and so I
think that's very hard to find these
days
going to a great restaurant and where
they make all the bread and they make
all the sausages and they you know smoke
their own meats and do all those kind of
things in-house in the restaurant it's
great and because it's a restaurant
that's why you go but when you go to you
know to a grocery store and get the same
thing you know having you know wonderful
fresh-baked bread you can smell when you
walk in and you can see someone actually
physically cutting meat there and you
can see me being smoked you can see all
these kind of things that you should and
want to see and you can walk around and
you can essentially assemble yourself a
meal from things that you can actually
see going on which is which is I think
what you want and that's the same values
that we have at the restaurant is co-op
has in their stores I want
come out whether what they're doing and
give some fun recipe ideas and new
products and kind of just kind of help
people along you know I think I think
everyone's turning a corner getting back
to kind of the basics and back to the
cooking and back to the kitchen and
hopefully a little less hectic and more
about the family more about the food and
that sounds probably to me
you